RHDEVDOCS-6023: Installing Argo Rollouts CLI (#76625)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/gitops-installing-argo-rollouts-cli-by-using-linux.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//

> // * argo_rollouts/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc
> :_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// * argo_rollouts/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
```

Author: Fixed.

> [id="gitops-installing-argo-rollouts-cli-on-linux_{context}"]

Reviewer: File name and module ID should match.

Author: Fixed.

= Installing Argo Rollouts CLI on Linux

> If you are a Linux user, you can install Argo Rollouts CLI by performing the steps described in this procedure.

Reviewer: Avoid self-referential language.

Maybe:

```suggestion
You can install the Argo Rollouts CLI on Linux.
```

Author: Fixed.

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed the {OCP} CLI (`oc`)

Reviewer: Check out the `oc-first` common attribute.

Author: Fixed.

.Procedure

. Download the latest version of the Argo Rollouts CLI binary, `kubectl-argo-rollouts`, by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ curl -LO https://github.com/argoproj/argo-rollouts/releases/latest/download/kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64
----

. Ensure that the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary is executable by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ chmod +x ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64
----

. Move the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary to the system path by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
# mv ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/kubectl-argo-rollouts

> ----
> 
> [IMPORTANT]
> ====

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----
+
[IMPORTANT]
====
```

Author: Fixed.

Ensure that you have superuser privileges to run this command.

> ====

Reviewer: Could work this into the previous command, or even as a step on its own prior to that. Is `sudo` an option?

> . Verify that the plugin is installed correctly by running the following command and receiving the similar output:

Reviewer: This could be the start of a `.Verification` section.

Author: This was a verification option earlier but as per the feedback received, I have added it into a step. Kindly advise on how to proceed.

Reviewer: I wasn't aware that GitOps didn't use that Verification style. It's a standard part of mod docs. 

https://redhat-documentation.github.io/modular-docs/#verification

If there's really a prohibition against it that is specific to GitOps, yeah, don't use it.

Author: No, as far as I know, there are no issues with using the verification style. It is just modified as per the review feedback received earlier.

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc argo rollouts version
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
kubectl-argo-rollouts: v1.6.6+737ca89
  BuildDate: 2024-02-13T15:39:31Z #<1>
  GitCommit: 737ca89b42e4791e96e05b438c2b8540737a2a1a
  GitTreeState: clean
  GoVersion: go1.20.14 #<2>
  Compiler: gc
  Platform: linux/amd64 #<3>
----
<1> The build date information of the Argo Rollouts binary.
<2> The version of the Go language used for building the Argo Rollouts binary.

> <3> The platform used for building the Argo Rollouts binary.

Reviewer: Is it important to point these out?

Author: Yes, it adds a bit of additional information for the end-user to refer if the installation is correct or not.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * argo_rollouts/using-argo-rollouts-for-progressive-deployment-delivery.adoc
:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="gitops-installing-argo-rollouts-cli-by-using-linux_{context}"]
= Installing Argo Rollouts CLI by using Linux

If you are a Linux user, you can install Argo Rollouts CLI by performing the steps described in this procedure.

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed the {OCP} CLI (oc).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* You have installed the {OCP} CLI (`oc`).
```

Author: Fixed.

.Procedure

. Download the latest version of the Argo Rollouts CLI binary, `kubectl-argo-rollouts`, by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ curl -LO https://github.com/argoproj/argo-rollouts/releases/latest/download/kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64
----

. Ensure that the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary is executable by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ chmod +x ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64
----

> . Move the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary to the system path by running the following command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Move the `kubectl-argo-rollouts` binary to the system path by running the following command:
```

Author: Fixed.

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ sudo mv ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/kubectl-argo-rollouts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# mv ./kubectl-argo-rollouts-linux-amd64 /usr/local/bin/kubectl-argo-rollouts
```
Because of the following note, `sudo` does not need to be there. You can just use hash symbol to make this clear.

Author: Fixed.

----

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[IMPORTANT]
```
This should probably be IMPORTANT admonition if it contains the word "ensure".

Author: Fixed.

====

> Ensure that you have `superuser` privileges to run this command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that you have superuser privileges to run this command.
```

Author: Fixed.

====

> .Verification

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

```
GitOps does not use this format for verifications, so this line should not be included here.

Author: Fixed.

. Verify that the plugin is installed correctly by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc argo rollouts version
----
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
kubectl-argo-rollouts: v1.6.6+737ca89
  BuildDate: 2024-02-13T15:39:31Z #<1>
  GitCommit: 737ca89b42e4791e96e05b438c2b8540737a2a1a
  GitTreeState: clean
  GoVersion: go1.20.14 #<2>
  Compiler: gc
  Platform: linux/amd64 #<3>
----

> <1> - Specifies the build date information of the Argo Rollouts binary
> <2> - Specifies the version of the `Go` language used for building the Argo Rollouts binary
> <3> - Specifies the platform used for building the Argo Rollouts binary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> The build date information of the Argo Rollouts binary.
<2> The version of the Go language used for building the Argo Rollouts binary.
<3> The platform used for building the Argo Rollouts binary.
```

Author: Fixed.

> <3> - Specifies the platform used for building the Argo Rollouts binary

Reviewer 2: When I mentioned to add the callouts, I was mostly thinking to add callouts that would help user to determine what to look for here, because it is a verification step. The added callouts are good, I just want it to be clear how do we determine from this that the installation is correct.

Is just the fact that the output is there (the version command worked) enough of the verification? That is what I was trying to ask. Or if the user should look for the specific relevant information from the output that would help determine if the installation is correct.

Reviewer 2: If just the fact that the command worked is the verification step by itself, then I would just tweak the step sentence a little bit:
. Verify that the plugin is installed correctly by running the following command and receiving the similar output:

Author: Yeah, the idea is that this output is displayed after running this command is proof that the installation is successful. I will change the sentence slightly as per your suggestion @eromanova97. Thanks :)
